All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
Character is who you are when no one is watching.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, and passion.
Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Enjoy what you have! Never mind fame and power.
A leader is powerful to the degree he empowers others.
Advice when most needed, is least heeded.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
Progess always involves risk.
Open up your mind. Let your fantasies unwind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Believe it can be done.
Bide your time, for success is near.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
Allow your mind to absorb new knowledge.
The intention is not to see through people, but rather to see people through.
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence - it's a matter of inspiration.
You will have many important meetings, visits, and chance encounters.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
Better to face danger than be always in fear.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Keep your plans secret for now.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Lies and sorrow may float through the air, but truth and happiness live inside yourself.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Your career is moving more and more towards service to others.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
Your luck will be changed today.